The President:
Hi, everybody.
I'm at Millennium Steel
in Princeton, Indiana,
to have a town hall with workers
on National Manufacturing Day.
Because in many
ways, manufacturing
is the quintessential
middle-class job.
And after a decade
of losing jobs,
American manufacturing is
once again adding them -
more than 700,000 over the
past four and a half years.
In fact, it's been a bright
spot as we keep fighting
to recover from the
great recession.
Last month, our businesses
added 236,000 new jobs.
The unemployment rate fell
to under six percent for
the first time in more
than six years.
Over the past 55 months, our
businesses have added
10.3 million new jobs.
That's the longest
uninterrupted stretch
of private sector job
creation in our history.
And we're on pace to make
2014 the strongest year
of job growth since
the 1990s.
This progress has been hard,
but it has been steady,
and it is real.
It is a direct result of the
American people's drive
and determination, and decisions
made by my administration.
During the last decade, people
thought the decline in American
manufacturing was inevitable.
But we chose to invest in
American auto industry
and American workers.
And today, an auto industry that
was flatlining six years ago
is building and selling
new cars at the fastest
pace in eight years.
American manufacturing is
growing almost twice as fast
as the rest of the economy,
with new factories opening
their doors at the fastest
pace in decades.
That's progress we
can be proud of.
What's also true is that too
many families still work
too many hours with too
little to show for it.
And the much longer and profound
erosion of middle-class jobs
and incomes isn't
something we're going
to reverse overnight.
But there are ideas we should
be putting into place that
would grow jobs and
wages faster right now.
And one of the best would be
to raise the minimum wage.
We've actually begun to see
some modest wage growth
in recent months.
But most folks still haven't
seen a raise in over a decade.
It's time to stop
punishing some
of the hardest-working
Americans.
It's time to raise
the minimum wage.
It would put more money
in workers' pockets.
It would help 28
million Americans.
Recent surveys show that a
majority of small business
owners support a gradual
increase to ten dollars
and ten cents an hour.
The folks who keep blocking
a minimum wage increase
are running out of excuses.
Let's give America a raise.
Let's do this - because it would
make our economy stronger,
and make sure that
growth is shared.
Rather than just reading about
our recovery in a headline,
more people will feel
it in their own lives.
And that's when
America does best.
We do better when the
middle class does better,
and when more Americans
have their way to climb
into the middle class.
And that's what drives
me every single day.
Thanks, and have
a great weekend.